# coyote-travelogue

<a href="https://static.tumblr.com/7ggoisn/KFxpwtqky/coyote_travelogue.pdf"><i>coyote travelogue</i></a> is an in-progress procedural poetic manuscript composed of two “convolutes” (from the German term <i>Konvolut</i>, meaning sheaf or dossier of notes): convolute I consists of text I have collected while walking in New York City over the last two years; convolute II consists of text I collected while walking across the state of Illinois this past summer. Convolute I is available here (II will be available soon). 

Over the last two years I have walked thousands of miles (over 100 neighborhoods) of New York City. While walking I take photos of text I come across, amassing language from a multitude of sources: street signage, historical signage, store awnings, flyers, subway graffiti, ssids, to name a few. I am something of a language hoarder. When I return home from collecting or “ragpicking,” I transcribe the photos of found text and add annotations—each transcription is an entry into the travelogue. Unlike similar conceptual writing projects, perhaps most notably Georges Perec’s experimental book <i>An Attempt at Exhausting a Place in Paris</i> (1975), I do not attempt to catalog everything I see, but rather, focus on gathering an eclectic array of “infra-ordinary” or “endotic” textual snapshots. I should note that travelogue entries in convolute I are randomly arranged. I configured this convolute in an aleatoric  manner, rather than a chronological one, in an attempt to capture the heterogeneity and surreality of the New York City experience. I believe this non-linear, collage-like structure has the potential to trigger new understandings of the city and its people; it is a format that is capable of tapping into the “psychic undercurrents of the city,” revealing unrealized or obscured meanings and associations. Geolocative data and community district information for each entry are included in this convolute to add more geographical and sociological context.
<br>
<br>
More info on NYC community districts here: https://communityprofiles.planning.nyc.gov<br>
<br>
More info coming shortly. 
